c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.dll.config
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.pdb
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.dll
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.pdb
c:\users\линич\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.dll.config
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Vidly_Mvc5.pdb
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.dll
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.pdb
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.AddIsSubscribedToCustomer.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.AddMembershipType.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.PopulateMembershipTypes.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.ApplyAnnotationsToCustomerFKmembershipTypes.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.DropColumnCustomer.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.AddAgainFkForCustomers.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.AddDataInMembershipTypesTable.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.Migrations.AddDataInMembershipTypesTable1.resources
d:\Development\Vidly_Mvc5\Vidly_Mvc5\obj\Debug\Vidly_Mvc5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
